noble ones. And it is called the tambasam, beginning noble, middle noble, and
concluding nobles. So beginning noble is, again with those beautiful intentions, good
motivation, good thought, bodhicitta, and devotion, strongly in our heart and mind,
feels the connection. Devotion is so important to achieve the realization of
the dharma. Really in the teachings, but because devotion makes what? Makes close
to us, to the teachings. Makes close. When we have the devotion, there's no
skeptical. There's no doubt in hesitations. Skeptical, no doubt in
the hesitation is that sometimes we need when we are starting intellectually
levels. But when we practicing, that means we settle now. We're going to engage
deeply, and like to become that, like to become as a Gaurapayama sambhava, like to
achieve like the Gaurapayama sambhava, achieve. And we have some doubt and
skeptical and practice. That practice is not so pure. If I use the word, it's maybe
a 10% or maybe good, but 80% we spoiled. 90% spoiled because the
skeptical, because the doubt and hesitation. But when we are at one point in
devotions, that means we have courage and confidence, commitment, and embracing
that teaching with feeling of preciousness. Teaching is precious. Teaching is not
just okay. Oh, it's just okay, maybe. And we have that okay thought. Maybe it's good
sometimes. But dharma, when we practice, we really spoil our practice and
meditation. It's not okay. It's okay, it's not okay. Okay, have to be 100%. This is,
this is what it is. Really feel confidence, courage,
fearlessness, and then embracing the teaching. Then true wisdom comes.
Blessings will come. Great Master Gaurapayama sambhava said to
kings of the dead. We have the one point in the mind, those people who have the
one point in mind and practice, that individually will propel all the wishes.
One point in mind and practices, propels all the wishes. Read the life story of
the Malarepa. His determination and courage and commitment practices
Malareka become the one of the great enlightened beings. Read the life story of
Loonjimba. Loonjimba did not practice with lingering thought and
sculpturally, intellectually, and doubt and hesitations. After he received the
teaching, he practiced the one point. He even made commitment to his teacher,
Komaranza, that I will make the practice as your offering to you. And
Loonjimba becomes as like the second Gaurapadhoji because of that. It's not by the
because lingering in a skeptical thought and doubt and hesitation. Loonjimba
becomes Loonjimba. No. Loonjimba becomes as Loonjimba because of his courage, his
commitment, his loyalty. Practice that. And not just Loonjimba and Malarepa. All
those great masters, we read life story and we say, we pulled in hand and said
good and all the things because of their determination, their devotions, their
joyful effort. When you have the respect, devotions, and courage and commitment, joy,
then joyful effort comes naturally. The laziness cannot defeat, even the laziness
cannot come close to those persons. Persons, they're truly winners. Winner. And that is
really with those beautiful devotions, thoughts, and then have these strong
presence of that and then develop that closeness feeling to the
Buddha Dharma Sangha and Gaurabha Masambhava and generate in the bodhisattva
with these devotions and then joined in the prayers. Prayers, those of the
post novel is the